---
layout: post-no-feature
title: Breakdown in the Nonlinear Susceptibility
---

# Breakdown in the Nonlinear Susceptibility

## Introduction (ignore for now)

## Theory?

The time dependent Schrödinger equation for the interaction of an electron with an atom can be written as: EQ1
Unfortunately, this isn’t solvable in an exact, analytical way.  However, significant insights can be made in the “small E-field” limit using perturbation theory.
Where these insights break down, what is “small”, isn’t well understood.
However, we can solve EQ1 in a numerically exact way.
And by comparing these two methods, we can look at when this perturbative expansion breaks down.
We solve EQ1 in a non-perturbative way by propagating the wave function in the natural energy basis of H = T + 1/r.
We first diagonalize H, then we express q\hat{e}.r in terms of H, and propagate in the energy basis.
We solve EQ1 in a perturbative way by calculating the individual terms of EQ2.  These terms can be calculated in a general way, giving us an expression for arbitrary terms (even though we might not be able to calculate these terms).


Basics of TDSE calculations:
The physics of the interaction of an atom with an electromagnetic field is described by the time dependent schrodinger equation:

EQ1: TDSE

There is not a known exact analytical solution to this equation, however we can use perturbation theory to examine it for small electric fields.  This

### Explain the Nonlinear Susceptibility

We

EQ1 : Expansion of the nonlinear polarization

### Explain (briefly our non-perturbative calculation

## Results:

Figure 1: linear plot of the nonlinear susceptibility, showing the divergence between the series and the non-perturbative calculations.

### Describe figure 1



